README.md, before:

# Studyon

**Studyon** is the future of productive studying — built for students who want more focus, more progress, and a little more fun along the way. 🚀

## What is Studyon?

Studyon is a next-gen study platform where you don't just grind alone — you team up, level up, and crush your academic goals together. Whether you're preparing for finals, learning a new skill, or just trying to stay consistent, Studyon makes studying feel a little less lonely and a lot more motivating.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/861b1cfb-a3e6-4e97-8dc3-2d80b1252c2b" alt="Studyon Home" width="250"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ac522d45-3b48-49f1-a64a-af47cab31c8e" alt="Study Room View" width="250"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/982bff33-7d83-4ddb-a54a-9af9919f3cc8" alt="User Profile" width="250"/>
</p>

##### *UI Mockups
## Core Features

- **🧳 Real-Time Study Rooms**
  - Create or join rooms to study live with classmates, friends, or new study buddies.
  - Watch each other's progress and stay accountable together.

- **⏱️ Smart Session Timers**
  - Use Pomodoro and custom session timers to keep your workflow sharp and energized.

- **🏆 Achievements & Streaks**
  - Stay motivated by earning badges, hitting streaks, and celebrating your wins big and small.

- **🌟 Personal Study Profiles**
  - Show off your study interests, goals, and milestones. Build your own academic brand.

- **📢 Friendly Reminders**
  - Stay on track with well-timed nudges that help you (and your group) stay consistent.

- **💻 Multi-Device Ready (Coming Soon!)**
  - Study at your desk or on the go — future updates will bring Studyon to Mac, iPad, and iPhone.

## Our Mission

We believe studying should be social, supportive, and even a little exciting. Studyon is here to help students unlock their full potential — by working *together*.

> "Great things happen when you study smart — and when you study together."

---
- **🛠️ Tech Stack**
  -	Frontend: Swift, SwiftUI
  - Backend: Firebase Authentication, Cloud Firestore
  - Architecture: MVVM Architecture, Combine
  -	Design Tools: Figma (UI/UX Design)

**Still a Work in Progress!** 🚀 
We're constantly improving and adding new features. Stay tuned for in-room chat, detailed study analytics, and even more ways to customize your study journey!

Commit message:

Add privacy section to README
Added privacy policy regarding device usage and data collection.

README.md, after:

# Studyon

**Studyon** is the future of productive studying — built for students who want more focus, more progress, and a little more fun along the way. 🚀

## What is Studyon?

Studyon is a next-gen study platform where you don't just grind alone — you team up, level up, and crush your academic goals together. Whether you're preparing for finals, learning a new skill, or just trying to stay consistent, Studyon makes studying feel a little less lonely and a lot more motivating.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/861b1cfb-a3e6-4e97-8dc3-2d80b1252c2b" alt="Studyon Home" width="250"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ac522d45-3b48-49f1-a64a-af47cab31c8e" alt="Study Room View" width="250"/>
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/982bff33-7d83-4ddb-a54a-9af9919f3cc8" alt="User Profile" width="250"/>
</p>

##### *UI Mockups
## Core Features

- **🧳 Real-Time Study Rooms**
  - Create or join rooms to study live with classmates, friends, or new study buddies.
  - Watch each other's progress and stay accountable together.

- **⏱️ Smart Session Timers**
  - Use Pomodoro and custom session timers to keep your workflow sharp and energized.

- **🏆 Achievements & Streaks**
  - Stay motivated by earning badges, hitting streaks, and celebrating your wins big and small.

- **🌟 Personal Study Profiles**
  - Show off your study interests, goals, and milestones. Build your own academic brand.

- **📢 Friendly Reminders**
  - Stay on track with well-timed nudges that help you (and your group) stay consistent.

- **💻 Multi-Device Ready (Coming Soon!)**
  - Study at your desk or on the go — future updates will bring Studyon to Mac, iPad, and iPhone.

## Our Mission

We believe studying should be social, supportive, and even a little exciting. Studyon is here to help students unlock their full potential — by working *together*.

> "Great things happen when you study smart — and when you study together."

---
- **🛠️ Tech Stack**
  -	Frontend: Swift, SwiftUI
  - Backend: Firebase Authentication, Cloud Firestore
  - Architecture: MVVM Architecture, Combine
  -	Design Tools: Figma (UI/UX Design)
 
## Privacy & Device Usage

Studyon does not collect, store, or share personal device usage or Screen Time data.
Any app or website restrictions are explicitly selected by the user and applied only
on the user’s own device during focus sessions.

**Still a Work in Progress!** 🚀 
We're constantly improving and adding new features. Stay tuned for in-room chat, detailed study analytics, and even more ways to customize your study journey!
